List of Foreign Financial Institutions Subject to Correspondent
Account or Payable-Through Account Sanctions (CAPTA List). 

This publication by Treasury's Office of Foreign Assets Control
(OFAC) is designed as a reference tool providing actual notice of
OFAC actions with respect to foreign financial institutions (FFIs)
for which the opening or maintaining of a correspondent account or
a payable-through account in the United States is prohibited or
subject to one or more strict conditions.  Upon a finding that an
FFI meets one or more of the criteria set forth in one of the
authorities listed below, certain prohibitions or strict conditions
may be imposed on the opening or maintaining in the United States
of a correspondent account or a payable-through account for such an
FFI.  Upon the imposition of such prohibitions or strict
conditions, OFAC will place the name and other relevant identifiers
of the FFI on the CAPTA List.  The CAPTA List also will specify the
applicable prohibition or strict condition(s) to be imposed on the
opening or maintaining of a correspondent account or a payable-
through account.

The latest changes to the CAPTA List may appear here prior to their
publication in the Federal Register, and financial institutions
should rely on changes indicated in this document.  Such changes
reflect official actions of OFAC and will be published as soon as
practicable in the Federal Register under the index heading
"Foreign Assets Control."  New Federal Register notices regarding
FFIs subject to correspondent account or payable-through account
sanctions may be published at any time.  Users are advised to check
the Federal Register and this electronic publication routinely for
additional names or other changes to the CAPTA List. 

Description of the CAPTA List:

The CAPTA List contains identifying information of FFIs for which
the opening or maintaining of a correspondent account or a payable-
through account in the United States is prohibited or is subject to
one or more strict conditions pursuant to the authorities listed
below.  

Please note that, at this time, the CAPTA List will only be used to
identify FFIs subject to correspondent account or payable-through
account sanctions pursuant to the following authorities:

- Section 510.210 of the North Korea Sanctions Regulations, 31 CFR
part 510.

- Section 5 of the Ukraine Freedom Support Act, as amended by
section 226 of the Countering America's Adversaries Through
Sanctions Act of 2017, Public Law 115-44.  

- Sections 1244, 1245, and 1247 of the Iran Freedom and Counter-
Proliferation Act of 2012, Public Law 112-239.

- Sections 561.201, 561.203, and 561.204 of the Iranian Financial
Sanctions Regulations, 31 CFR part 561.

- Section 566.201 of the Hizballah Financial Sanctions Regulations,
31 CFR part 566. 

- Sections 2 and 6 of Executive Order 13846 of August 6, 2018,
"Reimposing Certain Sanctions With Regard to Iran"


The CAPTA List may be expanded in the future to identify FFIs
subject to correspondent account or payable-through account
sanctions pursuant to authorities other than those listed above.

The CAPTA List does not include FFIs subject to other sanctions
measures, such as those included on other OFAC lists, including the
List of Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons (SDN
List) and the Sectoral Sanctions Identification (SSI) List.

_________________________________

U.S. financial institutions are prohibited from
opening or maintaining a correspondent account
or a payable-through account for the foreign
financial institution(s) listed below, pursuant to 31
C.F.R. section 561.201(c):

BANK OF KUNLUN CO LTD (f.k.a. KARAMAY CITY COMMERCIAL BANK CO LTD.;
f.k.a. KARAMAY URBAN CREDIT COOPERATIVES), 172 Xibin Rd, Ranghulu
District, (Daqing, Heilongjiang Branch), Daqing 163453, China; 9
Dongzhimen North Street, Dongcheng District, (Head Office), Beijing
100007, China; No. 7 Century Ave, (Registered Office), Xinjiang,
Karamay 834000, China; No. 68 Zhongya South Rd, Economic and
Technological Development Zone, (Urumqi, Xinjiang Branch), Urumqi
830026, China; SWIFT/BIC CKLBCNBJ; United States financial
institutions are prohibited from opening or maintaining a
correspondent account or a payable-through account for the foreign
financial institution listed here, pursuant to 31 C.F.R. section
561.201(c) [561-RELATED].

KARAMAY CITY COMMERCIAL BANK CO LTD. (a.k.a. BANK OF KUNLUN CO LTD;
f.k.a. KARAMAY URBAN CREDIT COOPERATIVES), 172 Xibin Rd, Ranghulu
District, (Daqing, Heilongjiang Branch), Daqing 163453, China; 9
Dongzhimen North Street, Dongcheng District, (Head Office), Beijing
100007, China; No. 7 Century Ave, (Registered Office), Xinjiang,
Karamay 834000, China; No. 68 Zhongya South Rd, Economic and
Technological Development Zone, (Urumqi, Xinjiang Branch), Urumqi
830026, China; SWIFT/BIC CKLBCNBJ; United States financial
institutions are prohibited from opening or maintaining a
correspondent account or a payable-through account for the foreign
financial institution listed here, pursuant to 31 C.F.R. section
561.201(c) [561-RELATED].

KARAMAY URBAN CREDIT COOPERATIVES (a.k.a. BANK OF KUNLUN CO LTD;
f.k.a. KARAMAY CITY COMMERCIAL BANK CO LTD.), 172 Xibin Rd,
Ranghulu District, (Daqing, Heilongjiang Branch), Daqing 163453,
China; 9 Dongzhimen North Street, Dongcheng District, (Head
Office), Beijing 100007, China; No. 7 Century Ave, (Registered
Office), Xinjiang, Karamay 834000, China; No. 68 Zhongya South Rd,
Economic and Technological Development Zone, (Urumqi, Xinjiang
Branch), Urumqi 830026, China; SWIFT/BIC CKLBCNBJ; United States
financial institutions are prohibited from opening or maintaining a
correspondent account or a payable-through account for the foreign
financial institution listed here, pursuant to 31 C.F.R. section
561.201(c) [561-RELATED].


For further information on the "List of Foreign Financial
Institutions Subject to Correspondent Account or Payable-Through
Account Sanctions (CAPTA List)" contact the:

OFFICE OF FOREIGN ASSETS CONTROL
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
1500 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, N.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20220
http://www.treasury.gov/ofac

3/14/2019