Executive Order 13608, "Prohibiting Certain Transactions With and
Suspending Entry Into the United States of Foreign Sanctions
Evaders With Respect to Iran and Syria" gives Treasury the
authority to impose sanctions on foreign persons (individuals and
entities) determined (1) to have violated, attempted to violate,
conspired to violate, or caused a violation of U.S. sanctions
concerning Syria or Iran, including sanctions imposed under
counter-proliferation or counter-terrorism authorities or (2) to
have facilitated deceptive transactions for or on behalf of persons
subject to U.S. sanctions concerning Syria or Iran, as well as
persons owned or controlled by, or acting or purporting to act for
or on behalf of, directly or indirectly, such persons. 

This Foreign Sanctions Evaders List ("FSE List") includes persons
sanctioned pursuant to E.O. 13608 for engaging in conduct relating
to the evasion of U.S. economic and financial sanctions with
respect to Iran or Syria, which are identified, respectively, with
the program tags [FSE-IR] and [FSE-SY]. U.S. persons are generally
prohibited from all transactions or dealings, whether direct or
indirect, involving persons identified on this FSE List in or
related to any goods, services, or technology (1) in or intended
for the United States, or (2) provided by or to United States
persons, wherever located.  As a result, transactions by U.S.
persons or through the United States are prohibited if they involve
the provision or procurement of goods or services, including
financial services, or technology to or from a person on the FSE
List without authorization from OFAC, unless the transaction is
otherwise exempt from regulation under the International Emergency
Economic Powers Act (e.g., certain travel-related transactions).

E.O. 13608 does not require the blocking of property or interests
in property, but persons sanctioned under E.O. 13608 may be persons
whose property and interests in property are blocked pursuant to
other authorities administered by OFAC. The FSE List entries for
persons sanctioned under E.O. 13608 whose property and interests in
property are blocked under other authorities include program tags
for relevant blocking authorities (e.g., [SYRIA]). Such persons are
also presented in a segregated sub-section of the FSE List.
(Separately, such persons are included on OFAC's Specially
Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List with program tags for
relevant blocking authorities, as well as for E.O. 13608.)

_________________________________

Foreign Sanctions Evaders with Regard to Iran

KAYAKIRAN, Evren, Turkey; DOB 08 Feb 1980; citizen Turkey; Gender
Male; Passport U00242309 (Turkey) (individual) [FSE-IR].

_________________________________

Foreign Sanctions Evaders with Regard to Syria

BEKTAS, Halis; DOB 13 Feb 1966; citizen Switzerland; Passport
X0906223 (Switzerland) (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

HOLLEBRAND, Alexander (a.k.a. HOLLEBRAND, Sander); DOB 20 Dec 1954;
POB Netherlands (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

HOLLEBRAND, Sander (a.k.a. HOLLEBRAND, Alexander); DOB 20 Dec 1954;
POB Netherlands (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

RIXO INTERNATIONAL TRADING LTD., Lindenstrasse 2, Baar 6340,
Switzerland; Website http://www.rixointernational.com [SYRIA] [FSE-
SY].

STAROIL B.V. (a.k.a. STAROIL S.A.), Wilhelminastraat 43 A, Haarlem
2011 VK, Netherlands; 30 A Rte de Chene, Geneva 1208, Switzerland;
Registration ID 819860578 (Netherlands); V.A.T. Number NL
819860578B01 (Netherlands); Commercial Registry Number 34311024
(Netherlands) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

STAROIL S.A. (a.k.a. STAROIL B.V.), Wilhelminastraat 43 A, Haarlem
2011 VK, Netherlands; 30 A Rte de Chene, Geneva 1208, Switzerland;
Registration ID 819860578 (Netherlands); V.A.T. Number NL
819860578B01 (Netherlands); Commercial Registry Number 34311024
(Netherlands) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

VAN MAZIJK, Paul; DOB 24 Jan 1958; Passport NSK7K05F4 (Netherlands)
(individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

_________________________________

Foreign Sanctions Evaders with Regard to Syria that are also listed
on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List

BEKTAS, Halis; DOB 13 Feb 1966; citizen Switzerland; Passport
X0906223 (Switzerland) (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

HOLLEBRAND, Alexander (a.k.a. HOLLEBRAND, Sander); DOB 20 Dec 1954;
POB Netherlands (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

HOLLEBRAND, Sander (a.k.a. HOLLEBRAND, Alexander); DOB 20 Dec 1954;
POB Netherlands (individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

RIXO INTERNATIONAL TRADING LTD., Lindenstrasse 2, Baar 6340,
Switzerland; Website http://www.rixointernational.com [SYRIA] [FSE-
SY].

STAROIL B.V. (a.k.a. STAROIL S.A.), Wilhelminastraat 43 A, Haarlem
2011 VK, Netherlands; 30 A Rte de Chene, Geneva 1208, Switzerland;
Registration ID 819860578 (Netherlands); V.A.T. Number NL
819860578B01 (Netherlands); Commercial Registry Number 34311024
(Netherlands) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

STAROIL S.A. (a.k.a. STAROIL B.V.), Wilhelminastraat 43 A, Haarlem
2011 VK, Netherlands; 30 A Rte de Chene, Geneva 1208, Switzerland;
Registration ID 819860578 (Netherlands); V.A.T. Number NL
819860578B01 (Netherlands); Commercial Registry Number 34311024
(Netherlands) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

VAN MAZIJK, Paul; DOB 24 Jan 1958; Passport NSK7K05F4 (Netherlands)
(individual) [SYRIA] [FSE-SY].

_________________________________

For further information on the "FSE List," contact the:

OFFICE OF FOREIGN ASSETS CONTROL
U.S. DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY
1500 PENNSYLVANIA AVENUE, N.W.
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20220
http://www.treasury.gov/ofac
1-800-540-6322

_________________________________

3/17/2020